capital = 427
primary_culture = gaul
religion = placeholder
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.01
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes

set_country_flag = tribal_legacy
set_country_flag = celtic_nation


#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 30

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
basic_chemistry = 1


# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1
nonstate_consciousness = 1

ruling_party = IRE_conservative
last_election = 664.6.21
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 19
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 21
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

schools = culture_tech_school

oob = "GAU_oob.txt"
decision = literacy_setup_666